c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe.config
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.g.resources
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\NewStoryView.g.cs
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\NewStoryView.baml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.DAL.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.Models.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.DAL.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.Models.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\UCHistoryView.g.cs
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\UCHistoryView.baml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\birkanaydin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.Models.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.DAL.dll.config
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\NewStoryView.g.cs
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\UCHistoryView.g.cs
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\NewStoryView.baml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\UCHistoryView.baml
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.g.resources
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.exe
C:\Users\Ottoman\Desktop\bScrum\Oguzhan.Scrum\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF\obj\Debug\Oguzhan.Scrum.WPF.pdb
